Refactor HA guide to refer to generic multi-site deployments (#31675)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_0_0.adoc

The SPI behavior of `SingleUseObjectProvider` has changed that for revoked tokens only the methods `put` and `contains` must be used.
This is enforced by default, and can be disabled using the SPI option `spi-single-use-object-infinispan-persist-revoked-tokens`.

= HA Multi-Site Deployments

{project_name} 26 introduces significant improvements to the recommended HA multi-site architecture, most notably:

> - {project_name} deployments on each site are now able to handle user requests simulaneously, Active/Active vs the previous
> Active/Passive architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {project_name} deployments on each site are now able to handle user requests simultaneously, therefore active/active setups are supported in additional to the previous active/passive setups.
```

Author: Do we want to go as far as saying that the previous active/passive setup is supported given that we have removed all docs? I thought we would allow users to continue with that configuration, but not encourage it ... maybe I'm reading too much into the word "supported".

Reviewer: I agree that supported is a big word here. What about: 

> ... therefore active/active setups are now supported, while previous configurations which leveraged active/passive loadbalancers will continue to work.

> - LoadBalancing is now handled by AWS Global Accelerator, meaning there's no longer issues with DNS caching on failover/switchover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The loadbalancer blueprint has been update to use the AWS Global Accelerator as this avoids prolonged fail-over times due to DNS caching by clients.
```

that existed with the previous Route53 architecture.

> - {project_name} utilises Infinispan RemoteCache's to communicate with Infinispan deployments more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handling of the external Infinispan has been improved to reduce memory usage and request latency.
```

Author: I've reworded slightly as I don't think we should start with "Handling":

```
External Infinispan communication has been improved to reduce memory usage and request latency.
```

As a consequence of the above changes, the following changes are required to your existing {project_name} deployments.

> . `distributed-cache` definitions provided by `--cache-config-file` are ignored when the `multi-site` feature is enabled,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. `distributed-cache` definitions provided by a cache configuration file are ignored when the `multi-site` feature is enabled,
```

> so you must configure the connection to the external Infinispan deployment via the `cache-remote-*` CLI args. If a

Reviewer: TODO: The `advanced-configuration.adoc` doesn't detail on how to configure caches using the Keycloak CR. This might be a follow-up issue if you choose not to add it in this PR. 

```suggestion
so you must configure the connection to the external Infinispan deployment via the `cache-remote-*` command line arguments or Keycloak CR as outlined in the blueprints.  If a
```

Author: Currently the `advanced-configuration.adoc` seems to focus on providing generic guidance on the CRs capabilities, not use-case specific instructions. In the case of multi-site deployments we need to utilise the `spec.additionalOptions` and `spec.features` fields both of which are covered in the guide.

Looking at the Keycloak CRD, the only capability exposed by `spec.cache` is the ability to provide a cache config file via a ConfigMap, which in the case of multi-site deployments is no longer relevant for the common use-case as we have the `cache-remote-*` options.

Or have I missed the point and you have something else in mind?

Reviewer 2: Could relate to #30217 - which would put more first class options in the CR.

`remote-store` configuration is detected in the cache configuration file, then a warning will be raised in the {project_name}
logs.

> . [Optional] Migrate Route53 LoadBalancing to AWS Global Accelerator. Existing Route53 configurations should work as before
> with {project_name} 26 deployments, however as before only one site will process user requests and DNS caching could be
> an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. While previous loadbalancer configurations will continue to work with {project_name}, consider upgrading an existing Route53 configurations to avoid prolonged failover times due to client side DNS caching.
```
